bruh 

This is a CLI app that is designed to "beam" large files and folders from computer to computer, proxied by a server. 

address: https://fileshare.ct-42210.com

This will be hosted on a dedicated server using cloudflared tunnels

The basic idea is if I have a file I need to send from one computer to another, I can run "fileshare" in my current directory, and it will upload its contents to an NGINX static file-sharing server. Then, the other user can go to fileshare.ct-42210.com and pull the file I just shared. 

The CLI app should be written in Node.js and use SSH tunnels. There is an existing key on my computer for the server, named "njt-hpe-proliant"

The CLI app should be called fileshare, and should have these commands:

fileshare OR fileshare upload - triggers the uploading functionality
fileshare delete - deletes the file from the server. 
fileshare password - sets the password to download the file
fileshare about - about information
fileshare setup - change ssh key, change directory on the server of the server location

server information
- server is ubuntu server
- njt-hpe-proliant ssh tunnels to the root user at ~

Cloudflare configuration:
  - Using existing Cloudflare Tunnel on the server
  - Routes fileshare.ct-42210.com traffic to port 9091 (NGINX)
  - SSL/HTTPS handled by Cloudflare (origin server uses HTTP on port 9091)
  - Config location: /etc/cloudflared/config.yml

CODING PRACTICES FOR CLAUDE:
On the creation of CLAUDE.MD, Copy these coding practices below into that file for easy reference, but do not copy the rest of thhis outline.txt file. Instead, reference this outline.txt file from claude.md, so that any future changes made without claude to this outline.txt file are reflected
Functions should be small and focused to complete a single task. Avoid large monolithic functions that do many things.
Separate code among files as needed to keep things organized. For example, separate CSS into its own file, separate JS into its own file, etc.
in addition, separate JS code into multiple files if it makes sense (e.g., one file for album list logic, another for album view logic, another for lightbox logic, etc)
Comment code thoroughly to explain logic and decisions, but be professional and concise in comments. when bug testing, do not leave debug comments in the final code
Use consistent naming conventions for variables, functions, files, etc. (e.g., camelCase for JS variables and functions, kebab-case for file names, etc)
All error handling should be handled gracefully but should provide exact error messages, so that I can debug issues easily. NO generic error messages like "An error occurred"
Ask questions when requirements are unclear or ambiguous, when a design/articaetcure decision is a critical point that changes the site in a fundimental way, or a specifc change is needed that is not covered in this outline.txt file
As we make changes to the codebase, make sure that we update this outline.txt file, as well as claude.md and any documentation with any new instructions or changes to existing instructions.
